# Internal
This directory contains a module to handle *internal only* cmdlets. Cmdlets that you **hide** in configuration are created here. For more information on hiding, see [cmdlet hiding](https://github.com/Azure/autorest/blob/master/docs/powershell/options.md#cmdlet-hiding-exportation-suppression). The cmdlets in this directory are generated at **build-time**. Do not put any custom code, files, cmdlets, etc. into this directory. Please use `${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.customFolder)}` for all custom implementation.

The `${$lib.path.relative($project.internalFolder, $project.psm1Internal)}` file is generated to this folder. This module file handles the hidden cmdlets. These cmdlets will not be exported by `{$project.moduleName}`. Instead, this sub-module is imported by the `${$lib.path.relative($project.internalFolder, $project.psm1Custom)}` module, allowing you to use hidden cmdlets in your custom, exposed cmdlets. To call these cmdlets in your custom scripts, simply use [module-qualified calls](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_command_precedence?view=powershell-6#qualified-names). For example, `{$project.moduleName}.internal\Get-Example` would call an internal cmdlet named `Get-Example`.

## Rationale
This allows you to include REST specs for services that you *do not wish to expose from your module*, but simply want to call within custom cmdlets. For example, if you want to make a custom cmdlet that uses `Storage` services, you could include a simplified `Storage` REST spec that has only the operations you need. When you run the generator and build this module, note the generated `Storage` cmdlets. Then, in your readme configuration, use [cmdlet hiding](https://github.com/Azure/autorest/blob/master/docs/powershell/options.md#cmdlet-hiding-exportation-suppression) on the `Storage` cmdlets and they will *only be exposed to the custom cmdlets* you want to write, and not be exported as part of `{$project.moduleName}`.