# How-To
This document describes how to develop for `{$project.moduleName}`.

## Building `{$project.moduleName}`
To build, run the `build-module.ps1` at the root of the module directory. This will generate the proxy script cmdlets that are the cmdlets being exported by this module. After the build completes, the proxy script cmdlets will be output to the `${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.exportsFolder)}` folder. To read more about the proxy script cmdlets, look at the [readme.md](${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.exportsFolder)}/readme.md) in the `${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.exportsFolder)}` folder.

## Creating custom cmdlets
To add cmdlets that were not generated by the REST specification, use the `${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.customFolder)}` folder. This folder allows you to add handwritten `.ps1` and `.cs` files. Currently, we support using `.ps1` scripts as new cmdlets or as additional low-level variants (via `ParameterSet`), and `.cs` files as low-level (variants) cmdlets that the exported script cmdlets call. We do not support exporting any `.cs` (dll) cmdlets directly. To read more about custom cmdlets, look at the [readme.md](${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.customFolder)}/readme.md) in the `${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.customFolder)}` folder.

## Generating documentation
To create documentation, we use [platyPS](https://github.com/PowerShell/platyPS). To generate documentation, run the `generate-help.ps1` script. This will look at the documentation comments in the generated and custom cmdlets and types, and create `.md` files into the `${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.docsFolder)}` folder. In the future, this may pull in any examples in the `examples` folder and add them to the generated help documents. To read more about examples, look at the [readme.md](${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.examplesFolder)}/readme.md) in the `${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.examplesFolder)}` folder. To read more about documentation, look at the [readme.md](${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.docsFolder)}/readme.md) in the `${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.docsFolder)}` folder.

## Testing `{$project.moduleName}`
To test the cmdlets, we use [Pester](https://github.com/pester/Pester). Tests scripts (`.ps1`) should be added to the `${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.testFolder)}` folder. To execute the Pester tests, run the `test-module.ps1` script. This will run all tests in `playback` mode within the `test` folder. To read more about testing cmdlets, look at the [readme.md](${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.examplesFolder)}/readme.md) in the `${$lib.path.relative($project.baseFolder, $project.examplesFolder)}` folder.

## Packing `{$project.moduleName}`
To pack `{$project.moduleName}` for distribution, run the `pack-module.ps1` script. This will take the contents of multiple directories and certain root-folder files to create a `.nupkg`. The structure of the `.nupkg` is created so it can be loaded part of a [PSRepository](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/powershellget/register-psrepository). Additionally, this package is in a format for distribution to the [PSGallery](https://www.powershellgallery.com/). For signing an Azure module, please contact the [Azure PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell) team.