# PowerShell Directory Structure

During the first run of AutoRest to generate PowerShell code, a set of files are generated, and they are placed within the directory structure below. Note: directories are noted by a '/' preceding the name.


- [.gitignore](#gitignore ) 
- [readme.md](#readmemd)
- [license.txt](#licensetxt)
- [\<manifest\>.psd1](#manifestpsd1)
- [\<module\>.psm1](#modulepsm1)
- [build-module.ps1](#build-moduleps1)
- [test-module.ps1](#test-moduleps1)
- [pack-module.ps1](#pack-moduleps1)
- [regen-module.ps1](#regen-moduleps1)
- [format.ps1xml](#formatps1xml)
- [types.ps1xml](#typesps1xml)
- [all-help.ps1xml](#all-helpps1xml)
- [/generated](#generated)
- [/examples](#examples) 
- [/test](#test)
- [/custom](#custom)
- [/docs](#docs)
- [/node-modules](#node-modules) 
- [/bin](#bin)
- [/obj](#obj)
- [/exports](#exports)


During subsequent runs of AutoRest, the only directory that will be overwritten is the **/generated** directory; other directories will only have incremental changes (i.e. files deleted being generated again).

## Directories and Files

The following are the description of the directories, denoted by a '/' before the name, and files generated:

### .gitignore 

Specifies untracked directories and files that Git should ignore. By default directories included here are: /bin, /obj, /exports and /node_modules. By default the files included here are all ps1xml files.

### readme<span></span>.md 

Serves both as a documentation file for the codebase and as a configuration file to regenerate the code using Autorest.

### how-to<span></span>.md

Provides guidance on how to use the code generated by AutoRest as it is, and how it can be customized.

### license.txt

Specifies what can and can't be done with the code. 

### \<manifest\>.psd1

Describes the content of a module and determines how a module is processed. Generally, inside this file the author description, files in the module, systems requirements, among other data is specified. Read more at: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/developer/module/how-to-write-a-powershell-module-manifest

### \<module\>.psm1

Defines a set of related script files, assemblies and related sources as a module. Read more at: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/developer/module/understanding-a-windows-powershell-module

### build-module.ps1

Compiles the c# source files to binaries used by the script cmdlets.

### test-module.ps1

Used to run tests on the cmdlets.

### pack-module.ps1

Used to package the module.

### regen-module.ps1

Used to re-run AutoRest using the configuration provided inside 'readme.<span></span>md' file.

###/ generated 

Contains the generated low-level c# files and script cmdlets. 

### /test

Contains tests for the cmdlets.

### /custom

Contains the PowerShell cmdlets.

### /examples

Contains usage examples for the cmdlets.

### /docs

Contains miscellanous documents from the code. For example, cmdlet documentation, code generation instructions, breaking-changes, etc.

### /node_modules 

Contains the packages from which the projects depend on.

### /bin 

Contains the binary files from which the script cmdlets depend on.

### /obj 

Contains temporary files used to create the binaries.

### /exports 

Contains proxy cmdlets. 

### format.ps1xml

Defines the default display of objects in the PS console. Read more: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_format.ps1xml?view=powershell-6

### types.ps1xml 

Used to extend object types in PowerShell. Read more: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_types.ps1xml?view=powershell-6

### dll-help.ps1xml 

Includes the help generated from combining docs and examples.



